Task descriptions

Attempt to open the door- Agh, no good! What kind of dumb bathroom door needs a key like this anyhow? Maybe I can use something to pick it...
Find something to pick the lock with- The classic, a bobby pin. It's not much, but maybe it'll be enough to get it open.
Attempt to pick the lock- Alright, here we go, just have to jiggle it a bit, and... uh... how do I pick a lock with a bobby pin... okay guess I can't do that if I don't know how.
Try the window- Window doesn't seem to locked, so up you go... wait a minute, I'm on the eighth floor. Nevermind, kinda wanted to live on Valentine's Day.
(Upon seeing the airvent...?)- Ah, an airvent, classic method of escape in half of every action film. Just need to reach it...
Try to open the airvent- That's open, now... oh. There's a fan inside. Nevermind, that's not happening either. What else am I supposed to do...
Examine the riddle- ...There's a riddle on the back of this poster? "See what you saw, and saw two halves into a whole." What does that even mean?
Solve the riddle- A saw in the mirror? That doesn't... oh I get it. Saw something in half and make a whole, which is a hole, and... no no no am I crazy? That's Looney Tunes logic! And there can't be a saw there, there was nothing there before! I'm losing it, aren't I...
Vent your frustrations- Stupid freaking... I just want to get out of here! Why the hell does a bathroom door like that even lock with a key?! Uggggggh...
Take another shower- ...Know what, no, I can't get worked up like this. I'll look like a mess again and they'll wring more money out of me if I mess up the place. I'll just take another shower, get my head back together, and see what I think of...
(After the shower)- Well, I feel a little better. Still no clue where to look though... hang on a second, is that a key...? Did they seriously hide it in the towels? Well that's silly, but now's my chance!
(Alternatively, when picking up the towel)- What the, someone left a book here? Dummies' Guide to Lockpicking?! I might be saved with this! Let's see... ah, that's what I was doing wrong! Okay, let's try that again!
Use the key on the door- Aaaand... it worked! I'm out of here, yes!
(Alternatively, pick the lock)- Twist like this, turn like this... jiggle it and... okay, got it! I'm free!