Introduction:

Finally, the first year I've got a date on Valentine's Day!
I can't screw this up, so I've decided to book us a hotel date!
She won't be here for a few hours, she had to work today, so I came in advance to set things up.
Gotta let all my friends know how lucky I was this year... let's see...
"Setting up for the big date. #Valentine #lucky"
And just need a picture of the main room... got it. Aaaaand uploaded!
They'll probably want to know how it's going, so I'll have to keep them up to date.
Before I do anything else, should take a shower, be ready to go when she gets here!

...
...
...

Alright then, that's that, now to just go and... wait a minute.
The door's locked? Really? What kind of weird bathroom locks from the inside?
If it uses the same key for the door, then that's no good, that's outside on the table.
Agggh... I gotta get out of here before she gets here! No girl's going to want to be with a guy who traps himself in the bathroom!

Task descriptions

Attempt to open the door- Agh, no good! What kind of dumb bathroom door needs a key like this anyhow? Maybe I can use something to pick it...
Find something to pick the lock with- The classic, a bobby pin. It's not much, but maybe it'll be enough to get it open.
Attempt to pick the lock- Alright, here we go, just have to jiggle it a bit, and... uh... how do I pick a lock with a bobby pin... okay guess I can't do that if I don't know how.
Try the window- Window doesn't seem to locked, so up you go... wait a minute, I'm on the eighth floor. Nevermind, kinda wanted to live on Valentine's Day.
(Upon seeing the airvent...?)- Ah, an airvent, classic method of escape in half of every action film. Just need to reach it...
Try to open the airvent- That's open, now... oh. There's a fan inside. Nevermind, that's not happening either. What else am I supposed to do...
Examine the riddle- ...There's a riddle on the back of this poster? "See what you saw, and saw two halves into a whole." What does that even mean?
Solve the riddle- A saw in the mirror? That doesn't... oh I get it. Saw something in half and make a whole, which is a hole, and... no no no am I crazy? That's Looney Tunes logic! And there can't be a saw there, there was nothing there before! I'm losing it, aren't I...
Vent your frustrations- Stupid freaking... I just want to get out of here! Why the hell does a bathroom door like that even lock with a key?! Uggggggh...
Take another shower- ...Know what, no, I can't get worked up like this. I'll look like a mess again. I'll just take another shower, get my head back together, and see what I think of...
(After the shower)- Well, I feel a little better. Still no clue where to look though... hang on a second, is that a key...? Did they seriously hide it in the towels? Well that's silly, but now's my chance!
(Alternatively, when picking up the towel)- What the, someone left a book here? Dummies' Guide to Lockpicking?! I might be saved with this! Let's see... ah, that's what I was doing wrong! Okay, let's try that again!
Use the key on the door- Aaaand... it worked! I'm out of here, yes!
(Alternatively, pick the lock)- Twist like this, turn like this... jiggle it and... okay, got it! I'm free!

Endings-
Good End (get out before time runs out):

Bad End (run out of time):

Final Score Screen (rankings?):
Romantic- You had a sauve setup, even under pressure. Marvelous work!
Average- It was a bit of a rush job, but it could have been worse.
Mediocre- Rather poor showing, try to be a bit more convincing next time.

Tweet/Picture general remark-

A message, now?
Not exactly the best time, but I should see what it says.
I really hope no one wants to know what I'm up to...

Item descriptions-

Bobby pin- One of those pins for holding up hair. Also the classic fallback for when you need to pick a lock.
Poster with a riddle on it- There's a poster here for some reason. Seems rather weird to have one in a hotel, but maybe it's to spruce it up?
Chair- A simple chair. Looks like one of the ones from the main room, guess they forgot to put it back in there.
Shower curtains- Some cheap shower curtains on one of those extending rods. Nice and monochrome.
Towels- A set of nice, white towels. They feel pretty soft, so that ought to feel good when drying off.
Cabinet/shelves- One of those shelf cabinets, with all sorts of bathroom supplies in it. Kinda boring, really.
Mirror- There's me and everything else around me. Might have to freshen up again once I'm out.
Book (?)- Dummies' Guide to Lockpicking. Most of it seems to be about using all kinds of different tools, but it doesn't fail to mention various improvised lockpicks.
Key- An old-fashioned key. It probably fits the lock out of here... I hope, at least.

Still need to do-
Tweets (2-3?)
Picture reasons/objectives (2)
Endings