(Picture 1 is based off of the Puzzles picture, and is the major picture thing. The other two can be included or not, but I have text for those if need be.)
Picture 1- (Objective- Convince people you have a table prepared)
My date wanted to see the setup of the place, but I can't take pictures like this...
Actually... maybe I'll be able to use the stuff in here to fake it without it seeming like a bathroom?
(Use the phone to take a picture of a table setup. There's quite a few things in here to make it look more romantic, so do the best you can!)

Picture 2- (Objective- Selfie)
Phone- Ohh, are you dressed yet? I want to share what you're dressed as to my friends.
Oh, great. This might be a little awkward, but I think I can pull it off as long as I don't look too unkempt...
(Smile for the camera, and try not to do that whole thing where you just take a picture of yourself in front of the mirror
Try to be creative!)

Picture 3- (Objective- Anything, just make it romantic?)
My date might want one more picture, and I already did a table setup.
Guess I should try doing anything else? As long as it looks romantic, or something.
(Try to take another picture without showing too much of the bathroom.
Try to be creative!)

Text 1 (for alternate idea)- Hey, work's going to be done soon, so I'll be there in about an hour. Everything ready?

#ready- Yep, should be good to go pretty soon.
Response- Alright, cool, I'll be there as soon as I can. [Subtracts time or keeps time the same?]
#busy- Bit busy right now, I'll let you know when things are good.
Response- That's fine, just keep me up to date. [Keeps time the same or adds time?]
#trouble- Some stuff came up suddenly, could you give me a bit?
Response- Alright then, I'll need to get ready too. Keep me up to date though, alright?
You- I will. [Adds time?]

#ignore- (Better just stall a bit...)
Response- Hello? Everything alright? [Subtracts time]

Text 2 (for alternate idea)- I'll be pulling up in a few minutes, just wanted to check if the reservation's set up?

#delayed- They had to push it back a bit, but not too much.
Response- Alright, we'll just hang out in the room for a bit. I'll come up. [Keeps time the same or adds time?]
#ontime- Yeah, it'll be on time, I double checked.
Response- Cool, could you meet me down here then? I'll just be a few minutes. [Subtracts time]

#ignore- (I don't need to answer, do I...?)
Response- Everything alright? Hello? [Subtracts time]